Are you going out
in field service after lunch?
Yes, I’m going to be there, but I’ve got
one return visit that I’ve got to make.
All right, see you.
See you.
My neighbor lost his job after 20 years,
and as a result,
he’s got to move out of his house,
got to move into an apartment.
So I decided to go help him out a little bit
to pack up to make it a little easier
for him to make that move.
You know,
won’t it be nice at a time period
where we don’t have to worry
about economic troubles like that?
Yeah, it will.
Uhm, you know,
that’s why I’m so happy
that my grandchildren
chose to go for higher education.
They both landed good jobs.
You know that bridge
you cross when you come here.
You’ve noticed that they’re starting
to do some work on it.
And that’s pretty extensive work.
They’re going to replace that whole bridge.
So according to the newspaper article,
it’s going to be
like a six to eight month project.
Wow!
That is a long time.
Uhm, you know, Chris,
the reason why I came by
is I wanted to show you this magazine.
I love these.
These are so well written.
Isaiah 48:17 is a key scripture here.
Notice what it says:
“I, Jehovah, am your God,
the One teaching you to benefit yourself.”
That’s familiar.
I think your dad
read that to me once or twice.
How’s your dad doing anyway?
Doing good.
Ah, you know,
they said they’ve got more Bible studies
than they can even cover in one week.
Well, well, you know, I can remember
when you and your dad came here.
You were a little kid about this high,
and you just stayed right by his side.
And your dad was so proud.
You know, Chris,
I know my dad had offered
to study the Bible with you in the past.
John, to be honest,
I’m too old to change;
I’m set in my ways now.
I think that God is just going
to have to take me the way I am.
More chocolate?
Uhm, yeah.
I don’t mind.